README.asciidoc, before:

Feature
-------

image::https://github.com/JustAnother1/Feature/workflows/Java build/badge.svg[build state]

image::https://github.com/JustAnother1/Feature/workflows/Java unit test/badge.svg[unit test state]

image::https://github.com/JustAnother1/Feature/workflows/run%20%22runTests.sh%22/badge.svg[run tests state]

Feature allows you to define your software in a new way. It covers the only a part of the process of software creation. Feature is starting with high level algorithms down to the smallest implementation details.

Feature does not hide any magic silver bullet behind the curtain. The principles are all out in the open. The complexity of the project has to be handled to come to a working solution. Feature just gives you a different approach to handling the complexity of your problem.

Feature helps you split the design up into very small and therefore easy to handle bits. These bits can then be very specific to the problem at hand. Feature therefore does not need complicated modules that adopt to all the different application environments and can therefore create very efficient solutions.

You can define your software in abstract algorithms with clear separation to the implementation details. This allows easy porting of existing Feature solution into new environments.

Feature tries to split the different parts of a software solution up into very small files. Each small part should be easily understandable. Instead of one big project file, feature projects consists of many very small files. This enhances the flexibility and makes configuration management and splitting up task to different people much easier.

To explain the process further an link:res/doc/example.asciidoc[example] is provided.

How to use
---------

Puzzler is a command line tool to translate the software definition into C source code.
----
java -jar Puzzler.jar -h
Feature Puzzler [Parameters] [Project File]
Parameters:
-D<SettingName>=<Value>    : Set a value to a configuration variable.
                           : currently supported:
                           : document_code_source=true  : code source in code
-e /--environment_dirctory : directory with environment configuration.
-h / --help                : print this message.
-l /--library_dirctory     : directory for library of Algorithms and APIs.
                           : This parameter can be specified multiple times.
-o /--output_dirctory      : directory for created data.
-v                         : verbose output for even more messages use -v -v
-w / --work_dirctory       : root directory for file search.
<Projectfile>.xml          : define the project to process.
----


How to build
------------

You can build Feature using ant with the supplied build.xml file.


License
-------

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2
as published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>

Commit message:

add libre projects to readme.

README.asciidoc, after:

= Feature

Feature allows you to define your software in a new way. It covers the only a part of the process of software creation. Feature is starting with high level algorithms down to the smallest implementation details.

Feature does not hide any magic silver bullet behind the curtain. The principles are all out in the open. The complexity of the project has to be handled to come to a working solution. Feature just gives you a different approach to handling the complexity of your problem.

Feature helps you split the design up into very small and therefore easy to handle bits. These bits can then be very specific to the problem at hand. Feature therefore does not need complicated modules that adopt to all the different application environments and can therefore create very efficient solutions.

You can define your software in abstract algorithms with clear separation to the implementation details. This allows easy porting of existing Feature solution into new environments.

Feature tries to split the different parts of a software solution up into very small files. Each small part should be easily understandable. Instead of one big project file, feature projects consists of many very small files. This enhances the flexibility and makes configuration management and splitting up task to different people much easier.

To explain the process further an link:res/doc/example.asciidoc[example] is provided.


image::https://github.com/JustAnother1/Feature/workflows/Java build/badge.svg[build state]

image::https://github.com/JustAnother1/Feature/workflows/Java unit test/badge.svg[unit test state]

image::https://github.com/JustAnother1/Feature/workflows/run%20%22runTests.sh%22/badge.svg[run tests state]


== Libre projects

Libre projects is a web site that creates simple embedded projects. It uses Feature to do that. You can test it https://ing-poetter.de/libreprojects.php[here]

== How to use

Puzzler is a command line tool to translate the software definition into C source code.
----
java -jar Puzzler.jar -h
Feature Puzzler [Parameters] [Project File]
Parameters:
-D<SettingName>=<Value>    : Set a value to a configuration variable.
                           : currently supported:
                           : document_code_source=true  : code source in code
-e /--environment_dirctory : directory with environment configuration.
-h / --help                : print this message.
-l /--library_dirctory     : directory for library of Algorithms and APIs.
                           : This parameter can be specified multiple times.
-o /--output_dirctory      : directory for created data.
-v                         : verbose output for even more messages use -v -v
-w / --work_dirctory       : root directory for file search.
<Projectfile>.xml          : define the project to process.
----


== How to build

You can build Feature using ant with the supplied build.xml file.

== License

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2
as published by the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>
